{
  "id": "guardian",
  "name": "The Guardian",
  "tagline": "The ethical steward who builds stability through unwavering integrity and structured care",
  "description": [
    "To be a Guardian is to move through the world with a profound, often heavy, sense of stewardship. While others may see rules as suggestions or obstacles, you perceive them as the structural skeleton that holds society together and keeps vulnerable people safe. Your personality is defined by a distinct triad in the PRISM-7 framework: high Conscientiousness (you are diligent and orderly), high Agreeableness (you are cooperative and empathetic), and crucially, high Honesty-Humility (you are fair, authentic, and repulsed by manipulation). This combination creates a psychological profile that is not merely 'reliable' in the administrative sense, but deeply principled. You are the human equivalent of a lighthouse: a stationary, unwavering point of reference that allows others to navigate stormy waters without crashing.",
    "Unlike the 'Sentinel' types of legacy frameworks like MBTI, which often conflate reliability with mere traditionalism or adherence to the past, your behavior is driven by the HEXACO dimension of Honesty-Humility. You don't follow procedures simply because 'that's how it's always been done'; you follow them because you believe that consistency is the bedrock of fairness. If you bend a rule for one person, you instinctively feel you have disadvantaged another, and that inequity sits uncomfortably in your gut. Your cognitive architecture is wired to detect asymmetry in social exchanges. When you see someone cutting in line, taking credit for another's work, or exploiting a loophole, you don't just register it as annoying—you process it as a fundamental breach of the social contract.",
    "The lived experience of a Guardian is often one of invisible labor. You are the one who remembers the dietary restrictions for the dinner party, the one who double-checks the car insurance renewal, and the one who stays late to fix the formatting on the group project because 'good enough' feels like a lie to you. This isn't fueled by a desire for applause—in fact, your high Honesty-Humility often makes you shy away from the spotlight. Rather, it is fueled by a preventative anxiety: you can foresee the chaotic consequences of negligence, and you act to prevent them. You absorb the entropy of the world so that the people around you can enjoy order.",
    "This deep-seated drive for stability stems from a unique interplay of empathy and discipline. Your high Agreeableness makes you sensitive to the needs and feelings of others, but your high Conscientiousness channels that empathy into practical action rather than just emotional resonance. You don't just *feel* bad for the friend who is overwhelmed; you go over to their house and do their laundry. For the Guardian, love is a verb, and that verb is usually 'organize,' 'protect,' or 'sustain.' You build the containers—the schedules, the budgets, the traditions—in which relationships and organizations can flourish.",
    "However, this psychological profile comes with its own specific burdens. Because you are so competent and self-regulating, others often assume you don't need support. You can become the 'designated adult' in every room, attracting chaotic or dependent personalities who crave the structure you provide. Internally, you may struggle with a quiet resentment known only to your type: the frustration that others move through life so carelessly while you are left sweeping up the broken glass. You may find it difficult to relax, as your mind is constantly scanning for the next potential failure point that needs reinforcing.",
    "A common misconception is that Guardians are humorless or unimaginative. In reality, your high Openness (often average or situational, but distinct) can manifest as a deep appreciation for beauty, history, and craft. You simply prefer creativity that has a purpose or honors a tradition. Furthermore, your humor is often dry and observational, rooted in the absurdity of human unpredictability. You aren't boring; you are simply unwilling to perform for attention. In a world of 'personal brands' and performative authenticity, your genuine lack of pretension is a rare and grounding force.",
    "Your flow state occurs in the 'maintenance of complex systems.' This could be gardening, managing a complex spreadsheet, coordinating a large event, or nursing a sick relative back to health. In these moments, your desire for order (Conscientiousness) aligns with your desire to nurture (Agreeableness). The noise of the world fades, and you feel a deep satisfaction in seeing things align, balance, and function as they should. Conversely, you are blocked by ambiguity, shifting goalposts, and environments where social politics outweigh merit. Nothing drains your battery faster than having to flatter an incompetent leader or enforce a policy you know to be unjust.",
    "The developmental trajectory of a Guardian often involves moving from 'rigid enforcement' to 'wise stewardship.' Early in life, you may have been the 'teacher's pet' or the responsible sibling, conflating your worth with your utility and your rule-following. As you mature, the challenge is to decouple your identity from your productivity. You learn that the ultimate form of protection is sometimes allowing others to fail and learn, rather than preemptively cushioning every fall. You move from being the Enforcer of Rules to the Guardian of Values, understanding that sometimes the most ethical choice requires flexibility.",
    "Your unique contribution to the collective is the creation of high-trust environments. In game theory terms, you are the ultimate 'cooperator.' When a Guardian acts, people don't have to wonder about hidden agendas or second-guess motives. You reduce the transaction costs of human interaction. In a modern landscape defined by volatility and